Crash reporting documentation (#831)
ARMmbed/mbed-os-5-docs: docs/api/platform/Error.md

Some applications may want to do custom error handling when an error is reported using `MBED_ERROR()` or `MBED_WARNING()`. Applications can accomplish this by registering an error hook function with the Mbed OS error handling system using the **mbed_set_error_hook()** API. This function is called with error context information whenever the system handles an **MBED_ERROR()** or **MBED_WARNING()** invocation. This function should be implemented for re-entrancy because multiple threads may invoke `MBED_ERROR()` or `MBED_WARNING()`, which may cause the error hook to be called in parallel. 

### Crash reporting and auto-reboot

> Whenever a fatal error happens in the system, MbedOS error handling system collects key information such as error code, error location, register context(in the case of fault exceptions) etc. and stores them in a special area in RAM region called Crash-data-RAM. The error information stored in Crash-data-RAM is in binary format and follows the `mbed_error_ctx` structure defined in `mbed_error.h`. The system then triggers a warm-reset without losing the RAM contents where we have the error information collected. After the system reboots, during MbedOS initialization the Crash-data-RAM region is checked to find if there is valid error information captured. This is done by using a CRC value calculated over the stored error information and is appended as part of information stored in Crash-data-RAM. If the system detects that the reboot was triggered by a fatal error, it will invoke a callback function with a pointer to the error context structure stored in Crash-data-RAM. The default callback function is defined with `WEAK` attribute, which can be overridden by the application if required. Below is the signature for the callback:

Reviewer: Minor nit: 
Move the following to the second line maybe? Sounds a little cleaner to me.
"...and stores them in a special area in RAM region called Crash-data-RAM." ->
"...and stores them in a reserved RAM region called `Crash-data-RAM`"

```void mbed_error_reboot_callback(mbed_error_ctx *error_context);```

Note that this callback will be invoked before the system starts executing application `main()`. So the implementation of callback should be aware any resource limitations or availability of resources which are yet to be initialized by application `main()`. Also note that the callback is invoked only when there is a new error. 

#### Adding Crash-data-RAM region for crash reporting
As mentioned above, the crash reporting feature requires a special memory region, called Crash-data-RAM to work. This region is 256 bytes in size and is allocated using linker scripts for the target for each toolchain. Although all platforms support crash reporting feature, not all targets are currently modified to allocate this Crash-data-RAM region.

> See `mbed_lib.json` in platform directory to see which targets currently enabled with crash reporting. In order to enable crash reporting in other targets, you must modify the linker scripts for those targets to allocate the Crash-data-RAM region. You may refer the linker scripts for one of the targets already enabled with crash reporting to understand how the Crash-data-RAM region is allocated. Below are some guidelines to make the linker script changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See `mbed_lib.json` in the platform directory to see which targets currently enable crash reporting. In order to enable crash reporting for other targets, you must modify the linker scripts for those targets to allocate the Crash-data-RAM region. You may refer to the linker scripts for one of the targets already enabled with crash reporting to understand how the Crash-data-RAM region is allocated. Below are some guidelines to make the linker script changes.
```

* The region size should be 256 bytes and aligned at 8-byte offset.

> * If you are enabling the Crash-data-RAM for *ARM compiler*, linker script must export the following symbols:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If you are enabling the Crash-data-RAM for the *ARM compiler*, linker script must export the following symbols:
```

> * If you are enabling the Crash-data-RAM for *ARM compiler*, linker script must export the following symbols:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If you are enabling the Crash-data-RAM for *ARM compiler*, linker scripts must export the following symbols:
```

__Image$$RW_m_crash_data$$ZI$$Base__ - Indicates start address of Crash-data-RAM region.
__Image$$RW_m_crash_data$$ZI$$Size__ - Indicates size of Crash-data-RAM region.
* If you are enabling the Crash-data-RAM for *GCC ARM compiler* or *IAR Compiler*, linker script must export the following symbols:
__\_\_CRASH_DATA_RAM_START\_\___ - Indicates start address of Crash-data-RAM region.
__\_\_CRASH_DATA_RAM_END\_\___ - Indicates end address of Crash-data-RAM region.

> It's important that these regions should be marked with appropriate attributes(based on toolchain) to mark them as uninitialized region. For example, for ARM Compiler Crash-data-RAM can be marked with attribute *EMPTY*. There is no hard requirement about the placement of this region. The only requirement is that it should be placed such that no other entity is overwriting this region when rebooted or at runtime. But in order to avoid fragmentation its best placed just after the vector table region, or if there is no vector table region, it can be placed at the bottom of RAM(lowest address).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's important that these regions should be marked with appropriate attributes(based on toolchain) to mark them as uninitialized regions. For example, the ARM Compiler Crash-data-RAM region can be marked with attribute *EMPTY*. There is no hard requirement about the placement of this region. The only requirement is that it should be placed such that no other entity is overwriting this region when rebooted or at runtime. But in order to avoid fragmentation its best placed just after the vector table region, or if there is no vector table region, it can be placed at the bottom of RAM(lowest address).
```

See [memory model](memory.html) for more info on the placement of this region.

#### Configuring crash reporting and auto-reboot
MbedOS crash reporting implementation provides many options to configure the crash reporting behavior.

> Below is the list of new configuration options available to configure crash reporting functionality. These configuration options are defined in `mbed_lib.json` under platform directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below is the list of new configuration options available to configure crash reporting functionality. These configuration options are defined in `mbed_lib.json` under the platform directory.
```

> `crash-capture-enabled` - Enables crash context capture when the system enters a fatal error/crash. When this is disabled it also disables other dependent options mentioned below.

Reviewer: Move the configuration options laid out here into a list (Github proposed changes beta feature doesn't support multiline changes yet):

"Below is the list....."
* `crash-capture-enabled` - Enables crash context capture when the system enters a fatal error/crash. When this is disabled it also disables other dependent options mentioned below.
* `fatal-error-auto-reboot-enabled` - Setting this to true enables auto-reboot on fatal errors.
* `reboot-crash-report-enabled` - Enables crash report printing over terminal when the system reboots after a fatal error. The format of this report is identical to error reporting structure mentioned in [error report](#error-reporting).
* `error-reboot-max` - Maximum number of auto-reboots permitted on fatal errors. The system will stop auto-rebooting once the maximum limit is reached. Setting this to value 0 will disable auto-reboot.

    mbed_clear_all_errors();
}
```

#### Using `mbed_get_reboot_error_info()` to retrieve the reboot error info

> The error context captured by the error handling system can be retrieved using mbed_get_reboot_error_info() API. See the below code for example usage of that API. 

Reviewer: Open to alternative phrasing here, mainly trying to remove the API term if this sentence is only referencing a single function call (could have the usage of API in a sentence wrong as well, let me know if this is fine as is).

```suggestion
The error context captured by the error handling system can be retrieved using `mbed_get_reboot_error_info()`. See the below code for an example using that function. 
```

In the example below, a status variable reboot_error_detected has been used to track the presence of error context capture.

> ```CPP TODO

Reviewer: What are we missing for the snipping compilation script to run this so we can remove the TODO?

mbed_error_ctx error_ctx;
int reboot_error_detected = 0;

//Callback during reboot
void mbed_error_reboot_callback(mbed_error_ctx *error_context) 
{
    printf("error callback received");
    reboot_error_detected = 1;
}

// main() runs in its own thread in the OS
int main() 
{
    if (reboot_error_detected == 1) {
        if (MBED_SUCCESS == mbed_get_reboot_error_info(&error_ctx)) {
            printf("\nSuccessfully read error context\n");
    }
    //main continues...
}
```

#### Using `mbed_get_reboot_fault_context()` to retrieve the fault context info

> The fault context captured can be retrieved using mbed_get_reboot_fault_context() API. See the below code for example usage of that API. The example code below checks for error_status using the error context and then retrieves the fault context using mbed_get_reboot_fault_context() API.

Reviewer: Same as above, open to alternative phrasing here, mainly trying to remove the API term if this sentence is only referencing a single function call (could have the usage of API in a sentence wrong as well, let me know if this is fine as is).

```suggestion
The fault context captured can be retrieved using `mbed_get_reboot_fault_context()`. See the below code for an example using that function. The example code below checks for error_status using the error context and then retrieves the fault context using `mbed_get_reboot_fault_context()`.
```

> ```CPP TODO

Reviewer: What are we missing for the snipping compilation script to run this so we can remove the TODO?

mbed_error_ctx error_ctx;
mbed_fault_context_t fault_ctx;
int reboot_error_detected = 0;

//Callback during reboot
void mbed_error_reboot_callback(mbed_error_ctx * error_context) 
{
    printf("error callback received");
    reboot_error_detected = 1;
}

// main() runs in its own thread in the OS
int main() 
{
    if (reboot_error_detected == 1) {
        if (MBED_SUCCESS == mbed_get_reboot_error_info(&error_ctx)) {
            printf("\nRead in reboot info\n");
            if (error_ctx.error_status == MBED_ERROR_HARDFAULT_EXCEPTION) {
               if (MBED_SUCCESS == mbed_get_reboot_fault_context(&fault_ctx)) {
                   printf("\nRead in fault context info\n");
               }
            }
        }
    }
    //main continues...
}
```

#### Using `mbed_reset_reboot_error_info()` to clear the reboot error info
`mbed_reset_reboot_error_info()` API can be used to clear the reboot error info if required by the application.
```CPP TODO
void clear_reboot_errors() {
    
    //Clear the currently stored error info in Crash-data-RAM
    mbed_reset_reboot_error_info();
}
```

#### Using `mbed_reset_reboot_count()` to reset the reboot count

> `mbed_reset_reboot_error_info()` API can be used to specifically reset the reboot count stored as part error information stored in Crash-data-RAM.

Reviewer: Same as above, open to alternative phrasing here, mainly trying to remove the API term if this sentence is only referencing a single function call (could have the usage of API in a sentence wrong as well, let me know if this is fine as is).

```suggestion
`mbed_reset_reboot_error_info()` can be used to specifically reset the reboot count stored as part of the error information stored in Crash-data-RAM.
```

Calling this function will set the reboot count to 0.

> ```CPP TODO

Reviewer: What are we missing for the snipping compilation script to run this so we can remove the TODO?

    mbed_clear_all_errors();
}
```

<a name="crash-reporting-api"></a>
#### Using `mbed_get_reboot_error_info()` to retrieve the reboot error info
In the example below, a status variable reboot_error_detected is set to 1 when the callback is invoked then inside the main() 
function we read the reboot error info using mbed_get_reboot_error_info().

```CPP
mbed_error_ctx error_ctx;
int reboot_error_detected = 0;

//Callback during reboot
void mbed_error_reboot_callback(mbed_error_ctx *error_context) 
{
    printf("error callback received");
    reboot_error_detected = 1;
}

// main() runs in its own thread in the OS
int main() 
{
    if (reboot_error_detected == 1) {
        if (MBED_SUCCESS == mbed_get_reboot_error_info(&error_ctx)) {

>             printf("\nSuccessfully read error context\n");

Reviewer: Need a close `}`

    }
    //main continues...
}
```

#### Using `mbed_get_reboot_fault_context()` to retrieve the fault context info
The example code below checks for exception error(MBED_ERROR_HARDFAULT_EXCEPTION) using error_status in the error context 
and then retrieves the fault context using mbed_get_reboot_fault_context().

```CPP
mbed_error_ctx error_ctx;
mbed_fault_context_t fault_ctx;
int reboot_error_detected = 0;

//Callback during reboot
void mbed_error_reboot_callback(mbed_error_ctx * error_context) 
{
    printf("error callback received");
    reboot_error_detected = 1;
}

// main() runs in its own thread in the OS
int main() 
{
    if (reboot_error_detected == 1) {
        if (MBED_SUCCESS == mbed_get_reboot_error_info(&error_ctx)) {
            printf("\nRead in reboot info\n");
            if (error_ctx.error_status == MBED_ERROR_HARDFAULT_EXCEPTION) {
               if (MBED_SUCCESS == mbed_get_reboot_fault_context(&fault_ctx)) {
                   printf("\nRead in fault context info\n");
               }
            }
        }
    }
    //main continues...
}
```

#### Using `mbed_reset_reboot_error_info()` to clear the reboot error info

> `mbed_reset_reboot_error_info()` API can be used to clear the reboot error info if required by the application.

Reviewer: Same thing as before in reference to the API reference. In my mind 
> ... using the Mbed OS Crash Reboot API 

is correct,

> ...using the mbed_reset_reboot_error_info() API

should be rephrased from API to function as a _member_ of the API.

Thoughts? I could be off the mark on this one.
